.TH xenrec 1  "$Date: 2014-04-27 #$" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
xenrec \- Xen Hypervisor Recorder. Uses perl
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xenrec
[-hvV] [-d domain[,domain...]] | [interval [count]]

.SH DESCRIPTION
xenrec records per Xen domain statistics:
domain state, cpu usage in seconds, cpu usage in percentage,
current memory, current memory in percentage, maximum domain memory 
stats, in KB and many others.

.PP
The recorder uses xentop utility to fetch all metrics. A system running
Xen Hypervisor should have by default xentop installed. If the utility 
is not found xenrec will not run. The raw data is already prepared and 
formatted for SDR analysis process. The recorder runs continuously.

.SH OS
Linux 2.6+

.SH OPTIONS
.SS
\-d domain,...
monitor one or many interfaces with a specific name

.SS
\-h
print help information
.SS
\-v
print verbose information
.SS
\-V
print revision information
.SS
interval
interval in seconds between each sample
.SS
count
number of samples

.PP
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS xenrec 5
monitor all found NICs every 5 seconds 

.SS xenrec -i eth0 5 10
monitor eth0 interface only, 10 times sampled every 5 seconds

.SS xenrec -i wlan0,eth1,eth1:2 1.5
monitor wlan0, eth1 and eth1:2 interfaces every 1.5 seconds

.PP
.SH FIELDS
.TP
#1 timestamp
the time in seconds since Epoch

.TP
#2 interface
the interface name, NIC name

.TP
#3 rxKB 
number of KBytes received/sec

.TP
#4 rxpcks 
number of packets received/sec

.TP
#5 rxerrs 
number of errors while received packets/sec

.TP
#6 rxdrop 
number of packets that were dropped/sec

.TP
#7 rxfifo 
number of FIFO overruns on received packets/sec

.TP
#8 rxframe 
number of carrier errors on received packets/sec

.TP
#9 rxcompr 
number of compressed packets received/sec

.TP
#10 rxmulti 
number of multicast packets received/sec

.TP
#11 txKB 
number of KBytes transmitted/sec

.TP
#12 txpcks
number of packets transmitted/sec

.TP
#13 txerrs
number of errors transmitting packets/sec

.TP
#14 txdrop
number of packets that were dropped/sec

.TP
#15 txfifo
number of FIFO overruns on transmitted packets/sec

.TP
#16 txcolls
number of collisions that were detected/sec

.TP
#17 txcarr
number of carrier errors on transmitted packets/sec

.TP
#18 txcompr
number of compressed packets transmitted/sec

.TP
#19 ttpcks
number of total packets (received + transmitted)/sec

.TP
#20 ttKB
number of total KBytes (received + transmitted)/sec

.PP
.SH NOTES
This recorder supports interval values lower than second !  Running the
recorder  with  values  lower than second for long periods of time will
add an overhead in terms of CPU utilisation.  The  lower  the  interval
value  the higher the CPU utilisation. We do not recommend using values
lower than second for long historical recordings !

.PP
xenrec records 18 Linux OS metrics on x64 and x86 platforms !


.PP
.SH DOCUMENTATION
See SDR documentation for more details.
.SH EXIT
xenrec will run continuously until is stopped by the master script 
or manually stopped. 

.SH AUTHOR
Stefan Parvu
.SH SEE ALSO
perl(1)
